articles/I_started_a_blog!.mdx, before:

---
title: "I started a blog!"
date: "07-15-2025"
summary: "Hey if the voices in my head want out that bad, who am I to stop them?"
tags: ["tech", "music"]
---

Well, here I go, I guess. My name is Alvin, and welcome to my blog, 
<Link href="/blog" className="underline text-tiel hover:text-emerald-400" target="_blank">Cranial Window</Link>! 
I have decided I have many thoughts about many things, and that it may be prudent to get those thoughts out of my head and onto a 
page for my own peace of mind and, hopefully, your amusement. I'm not gonna lie, this feels weird. I studied Biomedical 
Engineering in college and now work as a software and electrical engineer in a 
<a href="https://benderlab.ucsf.edu/home" className="underline text-tiel hover:text-emerald-400" target="_blank"> a neuroscience lab at UCSF</a>, 
so it goes without saying that I haven’t done any long-form writing in a while. And I’ve never written for my own enjoyment. 
So we’re trying something new.

<br/ >

A <a href="https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC8100903/" className="underline text-tiel hover:text-emerald-400" target="_blank">cranial window</a>
is a clear window that can be surgically implanted into a skull in order to facilitate direct imaging of the brain.
As horrifyingly graphic as that is, it feels like an apt description of what I would like this blog to be. You (yes, YOU, dear reader)
will get a direct, largely unfiltered view of my triumphs and shortcomings, curiosities and confusions, frustrations and elations. I 
have a lot of hobbies and interests, ranging from playing several musical instruments at a frustratingly intermediate level, to exploring 
the future of neurotechnology and brain-computer interfaces, to crushing cold ones with the boys. So buckle up buttercup, because I’m not 
holding back.

<br/ >

I can’t wait to create and curate a whole bunch of content to force feed you. You’re welcome, society.

Commit message:

Removed reference to cold ones with the boys

articles/I_started_a_blog!.mdx, after:

---
title: "I started a blog!"
date: "07-15-2025"
summary: "Hey if the voices in my head want out that bad, who am I to stop them?"
tags: ["tech", "music"]
---

Well, here I go, I guess. My name is Alvin, and welcome to my blog, 
<Link href="/blog" className="underline text-tiel hover:text-emerald-400" target="_blank">Cranial Window</Link>! 
I have decided I have many thoughts about many things, and that it may be prudent to get those thoughts out of my head and onto a 
page for my own peace of mind and, hopefully, your amusement. I'm not gonna lie, this feels weird. I studied Biomedical 
Engineering in college and now work as a software and electrical engineer in a 
<a href="https://benderlab.ucsf.edu/home" className="underline text-tiel hover:text-emerald-400" target="_blank"> a neuroscience lab at UCSF</a>, 
so it goes without saying that I haven’t done any long-form writing in a while. And I’ve never written for my own enjoyment. 
So we’re trying something new.

<br/ >

A <a href="https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC8100903/" className="underline text-tiel hover:text-emerald-400" target="_blank">cranial window</a>
is a clear window that can be surgically implanted into a skull in order to facilitate direct imaging of the brain.
As horrifyingly graphic as that is, it feels like an apt description of what I would like this blog to be. You (yes, YOU, dear reader)
will get a direct, largely unfiltered view of my triumphs and shortcomings, curiosities and confusions, frustrations and elations. I 
have a lot of hobbies and interests, ranging from playing several musical instruments at a frustratingly intermediate level, to exploring 
the future of neurotechnology and brain-computer interfaces, to getting rocked at weekly millennial trivia with the boys. So buckle up buttercup,
because I’m not holding back.

<br/ >

I can’t wait to create and curate a whole bunch of content to force feed you. You’re welcome, society.
